Implement V1 Timezone SDK (#30799)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/maps/maps-timezone-rest/README.md

> 

Reviewer: Remove the first empty line

> # Azure MapsTimezone REST client library for JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Azure Maps Timezone REST client library for JavaScript
```

Azure Maps Timezone Client

> **If you are not familiar with our REST client, please spend 5 minutes to take a look at our [REST client docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/rest-clients.md) to use this library. The REST client provides a lightweight and developer-friendly way to call Azure REST APIs.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you are not familiar with our REST client, please spend 5 minutes to take a look at our [REST client docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/rest-clients.md) to use this library. The REST client provides a lightweight and developer-friendly way to call Azure REST APIs.
```

Key links:

- [Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/maps/maps-timezone-rest)
- [Package (NPM)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure-rest/maps-timezone)
- [Samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/maps/maps-timezone-rest/samples)

## Getting started

### Currently supported environments

- LTS versions of Node.js

### Prerequisites

- You must have an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) to use this package.

### Install the `@azure-rest/maps-timezone` package

Install the Azure Maps Timezone REST client library for JavaScript with `npm`:

```bash
npm install @azure-rest/maps-timezone
```

### Create and authenticate a `MapsTimezoneClient`

> You'll need a `credential` instance for authentication when creating the `MapsTimezoneClient` instance used to access the Azure Maps timezone APIs. You can use either a Microsoft Entra ID credential or an Azure subscription key to authenticate. For more information on authentication, see [Authentication with Azure Maps](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/azure-maps-authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need a `credential` instance for authentication when creating the `MapsTimezoneClient` instance used to access the Azure Maps timezone APIs. You can use a Microsoft Entra ID credential, an Azure subscription key, or a Shared Access Signature (SAS) Token to authenticate. For more information on authentication, see [Authentication with Azure Maps](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/azure-maps-authentication).
```

- [Get timezone by ID](#get-timezone-by-id)
- [Get timezone by coordinates](#get-timezone-by-coordinates)
- [Get Windows timezone IDs](#get-windows-timezone-ids)
- [Get IANA timezone IDs](#get-iana-timezone-ids)
- [Get IANA version](#get-iana-version)
- [Convert Windows timezone to IANA](#convert-windows-timezone-to-iana)

### Get timezone by ID

You can get timezone information for a specific IANA time zone ID.

```javascript
const response = await client.path("/timezone/byId/{format}", "json").get({
    queryParameters: {
        query: "America/New_York"
    },
});

if (isUnexpected(response)) {
    throw response.body.error;
}

console.log(response.body);
```

### Get timezone by coordinates

You can get timezone information for a specific latitude-longitude pair.

```javascript
const response = await client.path("/timezone/byCoordinates/{format}", "json").get({
    queryParameters: {
        query: [40.7128, -74.0060]
    },
});

if (isUnexpected(response)) {
    throw response.body.error;
}

console.log(response.body);
```

### Get Windows timezone IDs

> You can get a list of Windows Time Zone IDs.

Reviewer: Can we just use "timezone" in the example description in this README.md for consistency?
```suggestion
You can get a list of Windows timezone IDs.
```

```javascript
const response = await client.path("/timezone/enumWindows/{format}", "json").get();

if (isUnexpected(response)) {
    throw response.body.error;
}

console.log(response.body);
```

### Get IANA timezone IDs

> You can get a list of IANA Time Zone IDs.

Reviewer: "Time Zone" -> "timezone"

```javascript
const response = await client.path("/timezone/enumIana/{format}", "json").get();

if (isUnexpected(response)) {
    throw response.body.error;
}

console.log(response.body);
```

### Get IANA version

You can get the current IANA version number.

```javascript
const response = await client.path("/timezone/ianaVersion/{format}", "json").get();

if (isUnexpected(response)) {
    throw response.body.error;
}

console.log(response.body.Version);
```

### Convert Windows timezone to IANA

> You can convert a Windows Time Zone ID to a corresponding IANA ID.

Reviewer: "timezone"

# Azure MapsTimezone REST client library for JavaScript

Azure Maps Timezone Client

**If you are not familiar with our REST client, please spend 5 minutes to take a look at our [REST client docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/rest-clients.md) to use this library. The REST client provides a lightweight and developer-friendly way to call Azure REST APIs.**

Key links:

- [Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/maps/maps-timezone-rest)
- [Package (NPM)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure-rest/maps-timezone)
- [API reference documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure-rest/maps-timezone?view=azure-node-preview)
- [Samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/maps/maps-timezone-rest/samples)

## Getting started

### Currently supported environments

- LTS versions of Node.js

### Prerequisites

- You must have an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) to use this package.

### Install the `@azure-rest/maps-timezone` package

> Install the Azure MapsTimezone REST client library for JavaScript with `npm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Azure Maps Timezone REST client library for JavaScript with `npm`:
```

```bash
npm install @azure-rest/maps-timezone
```

### Create and authenticate a `MapsTimezoneClient`

You'll need a `credential` instance for authentication when creating the `MapsTimezoneClient` instance used to access the Azure Maps timezone APIs. You can use either a Microsoft Entra ID credential or an Azure subscription key to authenticate. For more information on authentication, see [Authentication with Azure Maps](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/azure-maps-authentication).

> #### Using an Azure Active Directory (AAD) credential

Reviewer: Please rename it to Microsoft Entra ID

const { AzureSASCredential } = require("@azure/core-auth");
const { DefaultAzureCredential } = require("@azure/identity");
const { AzureMapsManagementClient } = require("@azure/arm-maps");

const subscriptionId = "<subscription ID of the map account>";
const resourceGroupName = "<resource group name of the map account>";
const accountName = "<name of the map account>";
const mapsAccountSasParameters = {
  start: "<start time in ISO format>", // e.g., "2023-11-24T03:51:53.161Z"
  expiry: "<expiry time in ISO format>", // maximum value to start + 1 day
  maxRatePerSecond: 500,
  principalId: "<principal ID (object ID) of the managed identity>",
  signingKey: "primaryKey",
};
const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
const managementClient = new AzureMapsManagementClient(credential, subscriptionId);
const { accountSasToken } = await managementClient.accounts.listSas(
  resourceGroupName,
  accountName,
  mapsAccountSasParameters,
);
if (accountSasToken === undefined) {
  throw new Error("No accountSasToken was found for the Maps Account.");
}
const sasCredential = new AzureSASCredential(accountSasToken);
const client = MapsTimezone(sasCredential);
```

## Key concepts

> ### MapsTimezoneClient

Reviewer: I'm not sure SDK board will ask us to change it to `MapsTimeZoneClinet` or not. We should ask them beforehand?

Reviewer: @Lakicar95 , have you confirmed?

if (isUnexpected(response)) {
    throw response.body.error;
}

console.log(response.body.Version);
```

### Convert Windows timezone to IANA

You can convert a Windows Time Zone ID to a corresponding IANA ID.

```javascript
const response = await client.path("/timezone/windowsToIana/{format}", "json").get({
    queryParameters: { query: "Eastern Standard Time" },
});

if (isUnexpected(response)) {
    throw response.body.error;
} else if (response.body) {
    console.log(response.body.map((ianaId) => ianaId).join(", "));
} else {
    console.error("No data returned");
}
```

## Troubleshooting

### Logging

Enabling logging may help uncover useful information about failures. In order to see a log of HTTP requests and responses, set the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to `info`. Alternatively, logging can be enabled at runtime by calling `setLogLevel` in the `@azure/logger`:

```javascript
const { setLogLevel } = require("@azure/logger");

setLogLevel("info");
```

For more detailed instructions on how to enable logs, you can look at the [@azure/logger package docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for

> -js/tree/main/sdk/core/logger).

Reviewer: Broken link. Please remove the redundant lines
